91). Write a query to display the average marks scored in each subject along with the name, id, fees of the subject.

92). Write a query to display the id, name, age and marks of the students who have scored more than the overall average in descending order of the 
93). Display the id, name, degree_name,degree_id and marks of students who have scored less than the average in course with ID=5007.

***94). Write a query to display the name, id, degree_name, marks and results of student who has scored above the average in their individual sub

95). Write a query to display the maximum of sum of scores scored by students in each subject.

96). Write a query to display the minimum of sum of scores scored by students in each subject.

97). Write a query to display id and name of students who have not enrolled in any course.

98). Write a query to display the first name, id, degree_name, marks and results of top 3 students overall.
 99). Write a query to display the name, id, degree_name, marks and results of bottom 5 students overall. 
***100). Write a query to display the name, id, degree_name, marks of topper in each subject.

101). Write a query to display all the details of students and their course who have passed in descending order of age. 
102). Write a query to display all the details of students and their course who have failed in ascending order marks.

106). Display the third highest scorer in all subjects,

107). Display the second lowest scorer in Degree 5007.


113). Display the id, name, admission date and the day name of the day they took admission.

114). Display the details of the student who joinined on a Thursday in the month of may.

115). Display the details of the students who joined in a leap year.

116). Write a query to display the Degree Id in which more than 2 students have enrolled and the combined score of the two students is more than 100.

117). Display the details of the courses that have been taken up by more than 1 student.

118). Write a query to display the number of students who have failed in each degree.

